This episode a sampler is brought to you by blue apron. If you like me get home at the end of the
day and have no idea what to make him feel like you have no time to make dinner blue
apron can help a friend of hers all the fresh ingredients you need to make a home cooked
meal
with the instructions they send you menu so you can pick what you want. Plus
it all comes out to less than ten dollars per meal and you can cook your blue
apron meal in under forty minutes right
now you can get your first two meals for
free at Blue Apron dot com sampler that's blue apron
dot com
slash blue apron a better way to cook.
Hi
I'm pretty loose and welcome to sampler the show where we play you can
pick moments from podcast. That you just have to
hear. On today's show we are talking about the is capable pop cultural
phenomenon that is beyond phase six studio album
lemonade as an hour long music video on H.B.O. on April twenty
third. It's fiance's most ambitious personal political artistic
work and the conversation around it has been nonstop since it dropped for better
or for worse whether you like it or not lemonade is
everywhere and this gives us the perfect
opportunity to look at the world of pod casting in the aftermath of a
singular major event. So today we're taking a long hard look
at how a bunch of different cast gulped down there. And even if
you haven't seen it. Don't worry there is still plenty of refreshing discussion to
go around.
But before we get started allow me to note that while lemonade is delightfully sweet
some of the themes and language in this episode are. More on the tart side. So if
you're babysitting Blue Ivy or hanging around any other youngsters. Now take a time to
pause and slip in some ear
buds
sipping on
lemonade with me today is Quiana Fitzgerald of N.P.R. Music.
Can I thank you so much for coming on thimble or thank you for having me bring me home I got my absolute pleasure.
So full disclosure Kam is a friend of mine and also a really talented music
journalist for N.P.R. Music and Candy you actually did a review for N.P.R.
like immediately after lemonade came out I did tell me about
it so the process was really stressful because I had no time
to listen and ingest in like figure out what does this mean. So it
was really
like OK I'm going to seclude myself for like the next however
many hours I had until I had to like tape in track and everything and I mean I'm
not going to lie. It was a really emotional thing for me like because the
themes within them an age especially visually are about like the black female
experience so going
through that album. Again and again and again was
a lot. Let's let's actually hear a little bit of that
review.
Beyond say. Couldn't have produced an album justify it or blood. Two years
ago Limon aid has been made possible by the cultural social and
political upheaval we're in the midst of triggered by the deaths of boys
and fathers who will never be forgotten but the pain of the women who love them.
We've all been changed by
these events beyond say maybe a machine but she's changed too.
And so has to read
William's actress Amanda Stenberg. Literary giant in the making or some Shire
and the other figures featured front and center in the visual version of the album
from the women who look like my mom my aunties and my cousins to the women carrying the grief of
a nation the mothers of Trayvon Martin Garner Mike Brown.
I
really got to say exactly what I wanted to say as a black woman and I'm very
grateful that N.P.R. didn't you know strip out my voice and make me be more
objective about it than I could have been because this is about me in a way
to so Bianchi's I made was organized into chapters that show
different stages of this musical journey different stages of like I guess
how you maybe reconcile after infidelity a relationship ranging from intuition
to anger toward them she was kind of
like the cool Ross model of the five stages of grief right.
So for sampling of lemonade. We're organizing the show
into chapters as well beautiful. We're going to explore the different
stages of consuming lemonade.
This should be fun earlier to start
it stew. So our first stage is experiencing pure joy.
Our first clip is from the read. Oh of course yes of course of
course the reason to talk out hosted by Kid fury and Crystal anyone who has heard their show
knows how much
they love love love I don't know if there ever was strong enough or know if
they just love beyond say so naturally when my money came out they
expressed a whole lot of a
city enthusiasm. Yeah. I think that's fair.
This bitch is only getting better and the fact that she talked ourselves after
self-titled which I had
frankly I was not going to happen next. I was worried
about lemonade I was like. What if the slots because how can she outdo self-titled like what what
I'm going to hear why I'm going to dance. Did you know me better start like this like
a goddamn movie and next time. Bitch I'll be paying twenty five dollars to watch it in the theater
like and you write me out. Will it be. As I put my next album out in fucking
theaters I'll buy the go experience it's because she has shown me
that she is
more than willing to do the work as an artist to only get better and improve like I only
expect for Martians to be doing the mill Iraq and I just can't I can't deal with how
brilliant this woman is and I
cannot I love that she has these concepts and ideas and then hires the right
people and connects with the right teams to get her business and
visual
My Nigga you are top notch do you feel like you have reached a good sign as a
photo girl Parkwood
could direct a movie with B.S.A. not even any it would just be beautiful
like the shots are just so go and raise the dead gorgeous.
I can't think of a saying can
I say I cannot take you to my I can't handle it.
It's all happening again. I've watched lemonade. You know like maybe seven
times in the past few days I listen to the album nonstop The only thing that I have
may have listened to either the Met is some gospel based because I
had to get on the same page as
Christ thinking to be like Lord thank you Jesus. Thank you.
Where were you when you first heard watched lemonade.
I was with my best friend Greg at his house and we were
watching it on H.B.O. go but we didn't know if it was going to pop up like immediately there just
like Refresh Refresh and I oh my God please please please. So finally it popped up and like of course
we screamed and then we pressed play and didn't say a word
I was conscious like looking out of the corner my like looking at him like is this is this happening
with going to. What is this
so Crystal mentioned in the clip that the now. Logical
step for beyond say because I you know there's the first thing she did twenty thirteen. She
like release an album just on Thursday night after scandal was
over and had all the songs all over the US once and then it's kind of a hard talk that and obviously you
know like she's like oh OK I'm going to put a musical This is our long music video
the entire
album was on H.B.O. crystals so the next logical step is obviously she has to like really
sit in the theaters and with the release of lemonade. You know beyond say has
redefined the concept of like the album
release again. Yeah I think she's fucking brilliant and I'm very honestly
like I'm trying to be objective but there's only so
much. You can like skirt around somebody
who's pure like passion and commitment to being great
and she is in a position where she can make these calls to like
say you know what I do want to like have a secret album and I do want to
like present this on H.B.O. as a cinematic experience so everybody can
be watching this together at the same time so we can like live tweeting together and lose our minds together.
Any time that somebody is able to just bring people together in that
way I'm all about it so thank you
be outside so that brings us to like the next phase.
OK lemonade permeating unexpected places you know
like you know I kind of had this like weird world stopping effect or even if you don't like lemonade. You couldn't help
but be like affected by the fact that it came out. Absolutely you know so you kind of have to be living under
a rock to not notice. So like you know we've heard a new and sampler.
That you know definitely pop culture pod casts would have something to say about
lemonade for
sure it's a cultural event right. But it was such a huge moment that talk of lemonade showed up in
some places that like we just did not see coming and one of the first place is actually that it showed
up is a podcast we're featuring in our next clip. It's this late show Trump
cast hosted by Jacob Weisberg charm cast is a show that's all about trying to understand
who Donald. That
is OK and widespread mania is taking over our country so Moses'
show is Jake of interviewing experts about Donald Trump. But it's not
all serious like sometimes they'll have a trump impersonator read his latest tweets.
You know I said Donald Trump and I see it just clarifying. Thank you thank you.
And yet this clip is also about lemonade.
So it's a sketch written performed by Steve Wildstein the Chicago improv
group Second City. So the premise is that it's an e-mail exchange between
Republican presidential hopefuls Well former hopefuls Ted Cruz and John K.
sick this podcast came out before they dropped out of the race and in this clip Cruz in case a
car trying to strategize against Donald Trump.
But keep getting a little
distracted Sunday April twenty fourth two thousand and sixteen.
Eight zero six am governor John K. six to Senator Ted
Cruz
Ted I'm relieved our people were able to work out an arrangement on this. I
gather announcements will be made soon and we can both continue our campaigns with a
mutual acknowledgement that a Trump nomination is bad for both party and
country. I am sorry I haven't been able to reach out personally yet but I've been very
busy since beyond say dropped this full album on us last night.
Karen and I basically spent the evening with our jobs. On the floor how does she do it.
Senator Ted Cruz to Governor case
sick eight forty nine A.M. John. I too am glad clear terms could
be agreed on although our campaigns differ a great deal in ideas. I know
we share a common concern for our party and a sense that Donald's candidacy is destructive
to the process and bad for the American people.
Re Clean day. Unbelievable.
Heidi and I were up all night with this thing the visuals are stunning.
Where does she find the time she's a force of
nature governor. Basic nine thirty six A.M.
Ted Weaver is telling me we need to be sure about ground rules for Indiana.
It's important to me also that our statements are worded similarly and that both campaigns
stay on message when the inevitable Trump attacks come as for Queen B..
I'm just in awe of her ability to continually create compelling work and explore
new facets of herself as an artist.
I'm really responding to the personal nature of the lyrics on these tracks so brave of
her to explore the hardships of her marriage in a public light while still having
strong united family images at the end of the piece.
Senator Cruz ten nineteen A.M. John ground rules will be
important and Jeff Roe in my office will be very precise about turning over files to
you on our existing ground strategies in the States. I know my people are
drafting something now in a variety of directions on Donald's response.
Again my whole team was totally sidelined this weekend with beyond says' lemonade.
I think we all needed time to take the whole thing in and digest when it comes
to her exploration of marriage. I think it's particularly profound in a country where
the institution of marriage is under attack.
K. sick eleven zero one am Ted I'm glad you brought up
conservative values. It's important to me to get the message to voters that a vote for Donald is
a vote against the interest of anyone who is a true conservative.
I wish they understood how and the Donald's feigned concern for them is I want to
say to these voters.
He don't love you like I love you. L.O.L.. But I could never do it with the grace
and flawlessness of clean bank.
Crews eleven fifty six AM agreed very glad we were able to find
common ground on this. I swear if Trump wins the nomination. I will take a
baseball bat to every car on my block based
style case sick. Twelve o four P.M. L.O.L.. I'll
join you pay for a
life Cruise eleven twelve P.M. seriously.
So so good can't stop watching it. See you in
Cleveland very interesting.
This is like the very last place that I expected to find literally a Donald Trump podcast
Yeah the last place I fight to the find a lemonade clip. What does this say to you
about like the reach because one of things that you said about the album which I agree with is like it's a
really black female thing. But it's also this thing that
was like super widely relief. Yeah
like everybody's like you know as much as it is very
specifically directed toward black women this is everybody's album because she is beyond
say you know she has performed at the Super Bowl more than
once she wants the past five exactly like you know she's a part
of our country like she she might as well be on the fucking flag like she's a
part of a so
I can understand why you know I can listen to a Donald Trump podcast
and still hear about her because she is like woven throughout the fabric of what we
do in
America. One of the things about the on say for better or worse thing apart like the national
fabric is that even though she gives a very little information in general about like her
life. All of us are wrapped up in her personal business to thing like absolute everybody's thirsty for
photos or video of her wedding when her baby came everybody was just like I need to know more about
this child immediately pretty much like anything having to her personal life causes some sort
of media frenzy.
So the brings us to our next stage. Yes determining if a lemonade
is autobiographical or simply art.
So our next clip is from an E.S.P.N. pod cast called Jane win in
Jacoby So it's a sports and pop culture show hosted by retired N.B.A. player Jane
rose and sports commentator David Jacoby So in this clip. They are addressing
the debate over whether or not lemonade is autobiographical. Or you know just a
piece of art that the anti put out there for all of us to take and says here is Jaylen telling
David his theory beyond say has become a global
superstar and has selectively used her
voice over this period of time. She's always stay classy.
She's always been dissed
disciplined and she's always been calculating very calculated same with Jay Z..
Both of them are masters. OK There's a reason why
they're elite at what they do. I'm taking this as her and
Jay Z. are too intelligent to air so much dirty
laundry when they just had a daughter. You remember when they were on tour.
Do you remember what dominated that summer's
headlines. Oh they're going to divorce are the retorts. Hoochie on what's happening.
They were in the headlines all summer long to else they were in the money because that's how
this works. I want to say that I learned a couple of things you
never judge what's going on to someone
else's relationship. You know there's only two people as knows that know what's going on in relationship in those are the
people involved no one else has a hundred of the story. No one in the world no matter how much you think you know you
don't
know your best friend male or female is not telling you
everything that they talk about
with their me you know they're giving you one side. They're not altering it.
That's why Scott pillow talk. You're not around and so what I
truly
think is this is beyond say being an artist.
Just like when you go to a movie. Somebody is reading a script
and they are playing it out for public consumption. They put something I
don't sell of
in jail and you think they made the whole thing up.
I am not Roland you think they
made this illegal. You ready for this tell me because I think if it was
this deep at the end of that
documentary it will be her packing her
stuff.
OK yeah.
Which side of this argument. Are you on do you think that it's like do you think it's fact.
Actually I haven't had to say this out loud. Yet I've just been like thinking about this in my head for ever since it came
out because we're getting exclusive Yes. Truth is. I feel like
it's largely autobiographical. And I feel like there might be some parts.
I
do try to do that was funny. What that was like a while.
It just seems like if this isn't autobiographical then
Jay Z. is a really good and brave man to put
himself in this
position to be heavily scrutinized and
like villainize in the media across the country in like
barbershops beauty shows whatever you
like if this isn't real. Then he is a he's a really really
good dude for being able to take this on did you when you first watched it did you watch it while
tweeting a few
times so for personal reasons. Somebody made me go
out and leave the house. Oh on Saturday and I was on the house I live two thousand and fifteen
crying frame to where I was going but I came back at like four and I was
like seven watching right
now so I watched it without anybody like tweeting or anything like that. Oh when I
took it in it was just me by myself. Yeah whining
like you know why because I have spent all this money on title crime because
of making myself committing to watching an hour
long visual masterpiece. When I was obviously sleepy. I thought the infidelity stuff
was like allegory. I actually didn't think it was like for real.
Also the other things are getting. On every six months she
does I was finally getting when she was like oh you cheated on me I was like I know you said about this you say well this is
your fifteen years old son. OK whatever interests but then the
next day I sort of I got caught up on Twitter and then I realized a lot of people really thought that this thing
was real Yeah. And then upon like six more viewings. You know which I did
happily there are a couple parts in the beginning or beyond that was so angry. Yeah that I
was
like. You might actually not be
exactly exactly. I was just like hola like she's you
know throwing her ring at the caravan like you know loser wife you pull this shit like she
was it just seemed very pointed and like even and sorry at the
end where she says big homie. You know better grow up like that is obvious
obviously Jay Z's nickname. So it's like she's putting very specific pronouns in
like phrases and very pointed visual effects. It
makes it seem like this is very personal and very
real so I saw more of like just the difficulty and anger and pain come or loneliness
that can come from just terrible
things that's what I latched onto when I watched them initially as much as
I do enjoy celebrity gossip.
I still kind of was
like that actually matter it you know I mean like does it actually matter whether or not it's autobiographical art.
I personally don't think it matters I think that her message remains the
same you know it's about infidelity it's about accountability responsibility.
People should China to focus on the gossip parts if possible I know it's sexy but it has no
bearing on the actual content that she put
out there. This idea of whether or not beyond say work as is fact or
fiction autobiographical really like her intent
and integrity as an artist serve intertwined with this whole conversation is like the question
of the anti authenticity which we will talk more
about
after the break. OK the whole past thought. I
will and we will be
right back with more lemon May I try to practice all these different ways of
saying I mean. I'm into
it
more
or
this week's episode of sampler is brought to you by sundown Senna's is a smart wireless
speaker system that super easy to set up with so knows you can stream all your favorite music or
pod casts to any room or every room in your home and you can set up your
center system so that anyone can control play
with Britney from here from a different package to tell you a thing about so
now it's already. OK so every single day of my life goes into the Amazon soundtrack. So as
my girlfriend every day I actually hate to disappoint them as their shoes are doing this thing. Which
is she is astonishing on
her phone. So when I'm in the shower she will just change the song halfway through the song
to The Boys Are Back
In Town by like fiddle as if yes by
Finley during our marriage now by how by now.
It's like getting slapped in the face by like a four year old I have Selena Sims two free tickets
for you was like the soundtrack to something that happens on stage that they cannot see enough times like
I just don't I don't feel bad for you but I do hear you saying though is that there
is even one more potential benefit to using center speakers. You can
totally torment your boyfriend which is something I'm gonna keep on file.
So I came in here to do one P.S.A. and a different
P.S.A. to learn more about so no Skoda
Sonus dot com slash sampler That's S O N O S dot com
slash
sampler sampler is brought to you by frame
bridge so I've got a picture of my law. They guess what
ensuring my husband and I and front of the altar where
Elvis married
us that Courtney she's a frame bridge customer in her wedding photo. She's standing at
the altar beaming at her future husband who's beaming back at her even Elvis
looks thrilled but that perfect moment was just
that a moment right before her marriage began and the day we called
her was a far cry from perfection
and got two four year olds with a stomach bug. As of last night although
my husband's going and for emergency oral surgery in about an hour. Things are a little
crazy on a day like today. Courtney looks at that perfect wedding photo and thinks about
how far they've
come just all the the hard work we've put in we've both had marriages
before two very young children and not easy bringing young kids into a
new house together and we open a business a year ago. So we've just been
very busy and I feel very lucky to be where we
are with frame bridge that perfect moment stays perfect frame bridges the
simple way to custom frame any photo or piece of art just send or upload your piece of
art or photo to frame bridge super listeners can get fifteen percent off of their
first order. Right now just go to frame bridge dot com and enter
the promo code sampler that's frame bridge dot com promo code.
So welcome back to sampler in the studio with me I have Quiana
Fitzgerald and N.P.R. Music and no one know she recently reviewed beyond
his album Beyond his visual
masterpiece lemonade. For N.P.R. So at the end the first half of
the show we talked about whether or not it's
autobiographical that kind of is connected to this idea of how
authentic beyond a is or how authentic or her image
is set brings us to and. Stage says he cannot make implications.
You see that will kill me.
So this next clip comes from talk poverty radio. It's a show that examines
issues around poverty in this country it's co-hosted by Tracy Ross and Rebecca Valis of
the Center for American Progress. The first voice you'll hear in this clip is host
Tracy followed by her c.a.p colleague Maryam Adama and Constance Tori
and they're talking about the imagery Bianchi has been using in her most recent
work and what it means from a socio economic
perspective the one thing that I've thought about I've heard other
people say things because apparently all I do is just read about beyond that but I've heard other
people say things like well you know how is this woman who is in a billion
dollar
family going to try and connect to you know embrace cultures
that aren't hers even if it's lower income people in the U.S. Those sorts
of things by having her walking through Norland walking through Amr her old
hometown into Houston Texas.
But as I was on the show all the time the
average African-American family making one hundred thousand dollars a year in
this country lived in a more disadvantaged neighborhood than the average white family
making thirty thousand dollars a
year and so I feel like despite the fact that her paycheck is now out of the
stratosphere black people in his country like regard list of
class are in these sorts of communities that she features
throughout the
video and so for me I mean when you say in the Third Ward third world connection.
I mean I think it's very real that regardless of your stature
in society if you're a black person you're going to be in the places that are suffering the
most so I
it's not only you it's like your family or your Exactly family that I don't I don't buy that
like B.S.A. doesn't understand like a low income black
life like. I'm not saying that like she lived on a day to day basis
but I feel like kind of what you're saying like your social world is like a black person and I think it's like kind
of always being tied to like multi-day income level men like various
situation and like even me like in my like comfortable like American life I have
like tons of family members living in Nigeria who are in deep poverty.
I like to live in a
town that's like the fastest shrinking in America. So like I like can
both like I think visually people be like oh you know young professional like my social world
back home and where my physical home is located is like one of the poor struggling towns
in like the outskirts of the Mississippi Delta So
like it's really hard to like make those distinctions I think
specifically and I also think that people been asking that you know that we also become a little bit
more real for some time now to be human and notice that she's paying attention I think the entire time
I watched as I was like No she's real she's paying attention you realize all the struggles.
So it's like do you want her to say something or not because now we're talking about it and we weren't before and like she's
going to it seems like she's going to keep making us talk about it what I think is really important so I don't know I
don't get mad that she's representing or putting things in lemonade that she might not live on a
daily basis because I think that helps like again expose things to people who aren't don't think of things that
way so she said some people have gotten mad that she
is representing for lower income
people so
well when you think. Well I think
that what she did with this visual
album in terms of focusing on focusing very
very directly on the way that black people live in this
country which in the clip largely is either. Binny's or very near
the poverty line or even if they are at a higher class
monetary early they still will be in situations where they're not in the best environments. So.
It's obviously something that has been screamed about in this country in certain rooms
and conversations for decades and for somebody like her at
her level to very directly put these women who look like my mom
and my aunt and my sister like these women that I very strongly identify
with for her to do that I feel was very very necessary
and I don't think that there's any reason for anybody to think that she's inauthentic for doing that
if anything it's the complete
opposite the other thing that I think that a lot of people don't realize a lot of non-black people don't
realize is that in the United States so far people have freedom for so
long and so you have it when you haven't had the opportunity to build generational welfare at
the outside seems like she grew up middle class upper middle class but the chances are really high
that like her parents did not and also that like her family was not in that economic class
for her entire lifetime absent I know that that's that way for my family like my older sister six years
old and I
am the way that my family my family was living when my sister was young it's completely different
in the way that my family was living when when I was like we're six. Yes you know six seven eight
nine Tolly different than it was for my older
sister because like when you don't have like generational welfare when you don't have like generations
of your family being able to attend college or like even just like
attain professional skills or even like I think of like my grandfather even though he served in
military and like got a four year degree he still had to go get like an
additional certificate mortuary science because it was like difficult to get a job
you know he's from Mississippi. So like a family of the generation that the I think grew up
in
like your economic status can change over time and then also if you factor
in you know family you know I'm saying family bloodline friends.
Yeah friends cousins like oncet uncles not everybody in
Bianchi's family is living at her level period and is now if you cut off from them I. We've
seen the pictures of her like weddings and like family gatherings and stuff like she is out
here in spaces where she is not
like on Jetson on yachts like she's not always in that setting so I
think it's ridiculous and unfair for people to like say that no you can only speak about
this
small you know sector of society is beyond say spring real action in
terms of where you can just change in thought in terms of how people think about poverty. Do you think
that like there's something to her placing herself in a context where people don't think that they
see not just her but even a black woman like her maybe you know I'm saying.
I think she
absolutely is most identifiably I think for
mation like you know when she's in the beauty shop or the beauty supply store and she has the
black girls with a different color hair and I think one of them's worn a silk wrap or whatever in
same situation with don't hurt herself in the visual album when she has that moment where she has a
Malcolm X.
clip disrespected in
America
that
she very deliberately I feel uses
shots of women that look normal or that look like the women that you think is too
loud on the subway or you think like oh I don't want her you know sitting next to me on the bus
like these are real women and I feel like her very you know
deliberately putting them in the front of the camera in the way that she did
was an attempt if anything to like show people like yeah these are a
grown humans and you can talk to them and they have emotions and they deserve to be protected.
It also makes me think about like just judging by like all general litmus test of the Internet
you know a lot of people have very little concept of the answer being a black woman like any other black woman.
Yeah and I think that in putting yourself in different contexts and bringing women
from context. People
assume that beyond say does not ever enter into by putting
herself like aligning herself with those women. Yeah and aligning those women with her she sort of thing
like what's any different like there's nothing different about me then
these women inside the beauty supply store Yeah there's not even the fact that she had a
shot but you don't know what the inside of you to sign over looked like crazy to
me that's my whole life
and literally every everything
goal Sunday after church we went to the beach there wasn't there were any good ones out in
Farmington Hills Michigan. No that we wouldn't went to teach right church.
You have to really go through the simple leave you supply
of which there are ten thousand in this trade
area but I'm actually glad you brought up hay or
yes because that kind of connects to actually directly some Thanks to our next clip
which brings us actually to our final phase crazy. Yes our final
face which I'm sure you've experienced and I have experienced explaining.
Lemonade to white people.
So this next clip is from Buzz Feed's another round which is hosted by Tracy Clayton
and having got two friends at the show who have appeared on samples before. So in this
episode their guest is writer Nicole
Perkins and it's a three of them talking about this one specific line of lemonade
arguably the most famous line of the album.
You better call back to
the cynical and have an interest see are all talking about these like
think pieces that came out after the album which were about this line and how it
was supposedly racially charged or reverse racism or whatever and.
One celebrity in specific who was getting all caught up in the meaning of the line.
The first stories we're going to hear is Heaven's followed by Tracy.
First of
all
when I got home. Baccy that's offensive.
Do you think
down near you.
But there is just there isn't and I feel like white girls do this thing where like they know they're not
a part of something like not explicitly about me so I'm going to turn the attention to
about yeah and there's this like there are these articles that like to Mbeki with the
good thing that happened earlier
the camera thing British Glamour are well taken back Becky or
something I didn't back baccy.
This also now you know when the phrase didn't happen
when basic The phrase or the word BASIC was blah. Mind you know what let me
recall. I finally found my oppression All
my God I find it so wild how white people
cannot consume a product that is not at least where the rest of the world has been
doing that their entire lives and they can even quietly not can write and you can
just hit play right now you could just not sweet you think you cannot write a
novel article may cost you nothing.
Free ninety nine.
This is also show me that white people have no idea what good hair is or what I
mean I like these know they're here is an
excellent analogy but I think
what I haven't said You tweeted that Becky with the good hair is actually a state
of ideas or something let's say I'm going to stand. I don't
know why that agree with that I think that she's just
really there somebody other. Yeah. And my mother who's going
to hate me that I'm saying you know my mother is like yeah B.R. say
she got some rough stuff so I mean by that
I don't you know I never said that behind not come for us.
Not to be I don't want to say I'm doing things or my
mother Mama.
But I think do you think a back you can. A failure what. I think this is
how the US They threw us off because of the history of good here. It's
what's closest to whiteness. Right right and so you don't need to
qualify white daddy. It's a given. Yeah
right. So I feel like that he is a definite reference to whiteness.
I think
that people who are deemed quote not black enough are like some sort of like
quote exotic black or whatever
and they the implication is that they are not like
in touch with like they're brown and so whatever then they too can be considered the
baccy that is how I interpret the Emmy to I don't because you would because white girls not have good hair white girls
have white right.
You know well we know how to get Why grow
hair. We hope for good hair right now there's not a characteristic that an actual baccy
would have I don't
think agreed. Yeah. I love the Nicole
in that clip said beyond see threw us off with that line because Becky
and good hair very separate ideas because like Becky is obviously
like I'm sorry like you get the fuck over but like Biggie is like a word that is
used to kind of encapsulate a white woman or a white girl and then you have good hair which is
like it's very situated in the black community. So as they said it's more
about how close can you get to whiteness not whiteness. Period. Like I don't think I've ever
heard anybody
say white people have good hair. No disrespect but like that's not something that's ever been uttered in
my presence. It's always been about how loose is your curl
pattern how Sukey is sure is your hair.
So that's kind of beyond say throwing us off and I also agree with the fact
that it's more of an idea of like the other woman she's just saying like. Go get the
girl over there that's what you really want.
She's not saying that is a white girl or she's not saying that it is X. Y. or Z. It's
just like a way that she's presenting this other
woman I kind of took it that same way I took it as like she's just like. She's been cheated
on who she is being as rude as humanly
possible outs and like me myself personally I feel like
I'm for those of you who are just tuning in I'm black.
Yeah I have I have
dated many people in the past who
had how to put it like who had issues with their own identity and try to impress those
things upon me and definitely would
like date me knowing full well obviously that you know they could see. Yeah
and they can hear that I'm black but like it became very clear as like your dating them that
that that's not what they were looking for at all they were looking for that he was a good here and you know when
I broke up with these people I said any number of nonsensical
rude parable of mean inflammatory things
just to let them know like is it like I like it I guess it like it when identified with went beyond So I said
that is sort of just
like you obviously have some sort
of like this is your predilection this is what you're into this may have been what you thought you
were signing up for when you met me this is not what you're getting into That's what you want was that she has
a whole like verse and the the interludes that was
written by poet worsened Shire where she's like you know if you want.
Like I can where you know her skin as my
skin her hair off
my hand as
close
as
I start on my be
down it struck me as like if this is what you want you can have
that and then you can also choke on your own spin and die. That's sort of how I took Becky with the good hair.
I think it was a friend of mine who tweeted she's like it's so so. If you don't know who Becky with a good hair
is this probably
is. The accuracy. Oh yeah
and that's like
another thing that I really loved about this album is that she
did insert these like little you know like side phrases that only a
certain group of people would know that what she's talking
about or even like in sorry same song right. Yeah you know
she's like singing the hook and she's like I mean sorry and she says nigger now like she's being
very deliberate about how she is presenting these songs when she chooses
to say Becky with good hair or the inn or whatever like damn you know I'm just like OK girls
I see
you and everything. That's all I can say.
Well he wanna play our clips I know.
So
like now that we've gone through our phases. How are you feeling.
I feel very relieved because I got to say way more things about this.
That I didn't get to in like a four minute review. So it made me
really think about certain parts of the album that I wasn't that I hadn't
accessed you know I'm going to leave here and watch it all over again and go through many
emotions and have a great day
hopefully. Well thank you so much for coming on the show this is great you're
fantastic thank yous is like the most fun I've had in a long time.
You
can follow N.P.R. Music's Quiana Fitzgerald on Twitter at piano
that and to recap the clips you have heard through all our stages of
consuming lemonade the I'm bridled enthusiasm for B.S.A. came from the
read the unlikely pairing of campaign strategy and lemonade
mania came from Slate strong
cast. The theory on Jay Z's a likely infidelity came from the E.S.P.N. podcast.
Jaylen engine probably the analysis of the socio economic implications of the on
face imagery came from talk. Poverty radio and the explanation of Bacchis
and good hair was from Buzz Feed's another round.
We played a lot of clips today and
listen when you head over to i Tunes to listen to lemonade for the first or fiftieth time.
Could you do me a favor. Take a quick minute to rate sampler on i Tunes and help people find the
show and it lets us know what you think about it so you know. Just go do it great
fanfare on i Tunes and then continue listening to lemonade on
repeat and a quick note on last week's show we incorrectly Aidid a voice in
one of our clips. He played a clip from the podcast. Flash forward which featured
host Rose
Eveleth and her guest. Shelley Ronan I mistakenly referred to Shelley
as Madeline Ashby we are so sorry for the here.
Stay tuned after the credits for a taste of what we are family week
this episode was produced by Rose read their Opteron and myself with help.
Parkinson Morgan It was edited by any row Strath
or our seniors it was made by Michael valiant and our ag music is made by Mark
Phillips the show was mixed by Matthew
ball sampler is a production of dimwitted
media
sampler is sponsored by frame bridge frame bridges the simple way to custom frame any
photo or piece of
art you send or upload it to them they'll him craft a beautiful custom
frame and deliver it back to you all shipping is free sampler listeners can get
fifteen percent off of their first frame bridge order right now just go to frame bridge dot
com and enter the promo code sampler that's frame bridge dot com promo
code
sampler Thanks to our sponsor so knows. So knows is the smart
wireless speaker system that allows you to stream your favorite music or pod casts. To any room
or every room in your home. So no speakers are easy to set up and anyone can be.
Charge of play
lists using the sun earth app to learn more about centers go to sonars dot com
slash sampler That's S O N O S dot com slash
sampler and next time on
sampler what we know and what we don't know about serial host
and
co-creator Sarah came home I told you you told us that
that you used to be like super into improv. But this is so embarrassing that you're making me say this all
out because
I'm.